# Networks Course 
### CSTS-UH 1078, New York University Abu Dhabi
## Course description:

How do the various social, technological, and other networks in which humans live shape our behavior, agency, knowledge, beliefs, and preferences? Is it possible to map or otherwise quantify the ways in which these networks – of friends, media and information, biological and chemical processes, transportation – both facilitate and are shaped by various converging or diverging patterns of human sociality? Such general questions have been taken up within a range of disciplines in the sciences, social sciences, and humanities. Although there are multiple approaches and answers put forward within these different domains, they all share a basic vocabulary. This course aims to convey and allow students to explore this common vocabulary of formal concepts and processes related to understanding networks. They will do so by taking up tools for making elementary computations as they experiment with their own scenarios for analyzing the complex patterns of relationships that shape our lives.

The course has no prerequisites, nor does it require any mathematical or physical or technical skills, though one of the objectives of the course is a practical and experimental engagement with key aspects of Computational Network Science. For this purpose, the programming language Python will be used as a tool for implementing network computations. Students do not need to know Python or to possess major skills with computing. They will only have to install the Jupyter Notebook application on their computers so that they might be able to use computations that will be already coded and provided by the professor. In the first two weeks of the course, students will be guided through the required installation and use of Jupyter Notebooks. 

https://nyuad.nyu.edu/en/academics/divisions/science/faculty/moses-boudourides.html
